Update backwards compatibility section of Xet docs (#1740)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/storage-backends.md

### Backward Compatibility with LFS

> Xet storage provides a seamless transition for existing Hub repositories. It isn't necessary to know if the Xet backend is involved at all. Xet-backed repositories continue to use the Git LFS pointer file format; the addition of the `Xet backed hash` is only added to the web interface as a convenience. Practically, this means existing repos and newly created repos will not look any different if you do a `bare clone` of them. Each of the large files (or binary files) will continue to have a pointer file and matches the Git LFS pointer file specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Xet storage provides a seamless transition for existing Hub repositories. It isn't necessary to know if the Xet backend is involved at all. Xet-backed repositories continue to use the Git LFS pointer file format; the addition of the `Xet backed hash` is only added to the web interface as a convenience. Practically, this means existing repos and newly created repos will not look any different if you do a `bare clone` of them. Each of the large files (or binary files) will continue to have a pointer file that matches the Git LFS pointer file specification.
```

This symmetry allows non-Xet-aware clients (e.g., older versions of the `huggingface_hub`) to interact with Xet-backed repositories without concern. In fact, within a repository a mixture of Git LFS and Xet backed files are supported. The Xet backend indicates whether a file is in Git LFS or Xet storage, allowing downstream services to request the proper URL(s) from S3, regardless of which storage system holds the content.

> Within the Xet architecture, download backward compatibility is handled by the Git LFS bridge. While a Xet-aware client will receive file reconstruction information from CAS to download the Xet-backed file, a legacy client will get a single URL from the bridge which does the work of reconstructing the request file and returning the URL to the resource. This allows downloading files through a URL so that you can continue to use the Hub's web interface or `curl`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within the Xet architecture, backward compatibility for downloads is achieved by the Git LFS bridge. While a Xet-aware client will receive file reconstruction information from CAS to download the Xet-backed file, a legacy client will get a single URL from the bridge which does the work of reconstructing the request file and returning the URL to the resource. This allows downloading files through a URL so that you can continue to use the Hub's web interface or `curl`.
```
